Clarify unsupported secure settings behavior (#43454)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/secure-settings.asciidoc

NOTE: All commands here should be run as the user which will run Elasticsearch.

IMPORTANT: Only some settings are designed to be read from the keystore. However,

> the keystore currently has no validation to block adding settings not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the keystore has no validation to block unsupported settings.
Adding unsupported settings to the keystore will cause {es}
```
